The image upload is working our images here, but now I want easy to use, you are of which we can store
here in our users collection and which we can then use in our message bubble to show the image of a
user who sent the message.
Now, getting such a you are l is thankfully very, very easy.
Once we uploaded this, we can use our rep here again.
And on the graph you can call get download.
You are well and this returns a future or gives you a future that will actually retrieve a long lived.
You are l which is usable by anyone who has that you url to view that image.
And it's great because that means that in the future we don't have to use the firebase storage package
to scan through all our files and find to file for a specific user.
Instead, we can just store a direct link to the image for every user.
So let's await this and we should get the you are all here in the end once it is resolved so that you
are less than what I want to the word here.
In my users collection, so is stored on file with firebase storage, but in my extra user data, I
store a pointer, a u r l to that file.
So image, you are all here can just be that you are elbridge for getting with get download you Earl.
And at this hopefully does the trick, if we safeness and we try this one more time, if a logout and
we create a brand new account.
With some valid data here, we had an image.
And click sign up.
The sign up process.
Is active and eventually finishes, and if we now go back to the FIREBASE Web console.
To the database.
And to users.
You see that I have this image, you URL for the user I just added, and if you grab that yourself and
enter it in the browser, it loads this image.
So that's a direct you URL to that image, which is great because that means we can always use that
you are able to load and previewed its image.
We don't have to use the FIREBASE Storage SDK to kind of scan all files.
The one thing you might also notice, though, is that on storage, you see that the files are relatively
large here, around 200 kilobytes.
And if you are using a high resolution camera, that might be even bigger.
And that's way too big for an image, which I'll just show here next to the jet message.
I don't need such a huge image here.
So in order to save storage and in order to make sure that this all loads and uploads fast, I actually
will go back to the user image picker where we call pic image on the image picture package.
And besides the source, we can, for example, also set the image quality here and set this to 50.
It should be a value between zero and one hundred and I'll set it to 50, which is a way worse quality
but should still be good enough.
We can also set a max width and height here to ensure that this is not too large.
And since I only need a tiny image, I'll set the max with to 150.
So this should not actually give us a much smaller image, which is way faster to upload and Weismuller
to store.
So if we give data try, we log out and create yet another new user.
You're.
Let's take a image.
If ANAO sign up, you see, that is faster.
It doesn't take as long to upload and we also see it here.
If I reload, the other images have around 200 kilobytes.
This image has just three kilobytes.
And of course, it has a worse quality, but that should be fine and we can always fine tune this later,
but we certainly don't need high resolution, super large image if we're just going to use a tiny image
here.
Now, that's the next point, though.
I want to make sure we do display the image here.
And for that I will actually clear all my images.
I currently have your.
So if we start from scratch and it will also clear all the database data.
So everything here and chat by deleting the entire chat collection, everything in chats by deleting
this collection.
And everything in users by deleting this collection and of course, that means will also delete all
users here under authentication, and I'm simply doing this to start from scratch now that we added
all those core functionalities when it comes to creating users.
And I also then want to test this on.
I was on a real iOS device before we thereafter continue to show the image preview and then all the
work on the push notifications.